[improve][proxy] Support zero-copy of NIC to NIC on Proxy (#15678)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/reference-configuration.md

|tokenAudienceClaim| The token audience "claim" name, e.g. "aud". It is used to get the audience from token. If it is not set, the audience is not verified. ||
| tokenAudience | The token audience stands for this broker. The field `tokenAudienceClaim` of a valid token need contains this parameter.| |
|haProxyProtocolEnabled | Enable or disable the [HAProxy](http://www.haproxy.org/) protocol. |false|

> |proxyZeroCopyModeEnabled | Enable or disable the `zero-copy` of NIC to NIC. If enabled, we will use [splice](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/splice.2.html) system call instead of read/write to transport data of NIC to NIC, it only work when `proxyLogLevel == 0` and connection without TLS. | true |

Reviewer: Please reword the explanation to make it easier to read. 
```suggestion
|proxyZeroCopyModeEnabled |Enables zero-copy transport of data across network interfaces using the [splice](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/splice.2.html) system call. Zero copy mode cannot be used when TLS is enabled or when `proxyLogLevel is > 0`. | true |
```
